add an explicit requirement of ordering of variables (#180)
hasura/ndc-spec: specification/src/specification/queries/variables.md

## Requirements

> - If `variables` are provided in the [`QueryRequest`](../../reference/types.md#queryrequest), then the [`QueryResponse`](../../reference/types.md#queryresponse) should contain one [`RowSet`](../../reference/types.md#rowset) for each set of variables.
>   - The ordering of `RowSet`s should EXACTLY match the ordering of the `variables` provided.

Reviewer: Alternatively:

```suggestion
- If `variables` are provided in the [`QueryRequest`](../../reference/types.md#queryrequest), then the [`QueryResponse`](../../reference/types.md#queryresponse) should contain one [`RowSet`](../../reference/types.md#rowset) for each set of variables, in the same order.
```

>   - The ordering of `RowSet`s should EXACTLY match the ordering of the `variables` provided.

Author: Fair point. Makes sense.
